now dama this is Bluebell she'll be your
horse a little bit older and very gentle
she's blind in one eye so you'll be
careful on the right turn horse a fox
hump can be dangerous gray said it
wasn't a real fox she said it was a rag
soaked in Fox pee it is but we prefer to
call it Fox scent how do you get
we don't care well maybe it might not be
Fox scent at all might just be some guy
trying to make a few bucks selling his
own would just hi
I'm wearing stretch pants and chasing a
urine soaked towel through the woods I'm
hammered and I highly recommend it how
is he today when I tried to put a saddle
on him he almost kicked me in the fruits
maybe you should wear a fruit cup put
him away Joaquin we'll never be able to
break him hey you can't just force him
like that hello handsome what's your
name capital loss he looks more like a
Steve to me Donna please be careful it's
a very dangerous animal
Oh Steve aren't you dangerous oh yes you
are
come on I'll put you back in your stable
and you can practice your big meet
Thanks
that's amazing no one's been able to
handle him
oh that's nothing she taught the dogs to
give each other baths
hmm sweet pork bad sour pork bad
sweet-and-sour pork
genius hey hey careful let's start with
birthday present what'd you get
well her family has this tradition about
giving homemade gifts and you made her
these we were mementos from the day we
met it's the baseball game the trip
Torino the pie shop this is your
American Express state all the charges
from that day are highlighted I'm not
done I'm gonna I'm gonna burn the edges
and decoupage it to a piece of wood and
put some seashells around I think I
think if you were four and you were
giving it to your mother maybe she would
say it sucks Barbara right right that's
enough what brings you to the tenth
floor
well the Pearl in your department on the
Williamson case and the boss wants you
to help me out okay look you know I
don't want to make a big deal about you
know our history you know it's it's fine
I could help Wow I'm a lawyer anyway
right
great great well Dharma's gonna be
thrilled by this huh you're working long
hours with a woman you almost married
there's nothing between us it's not an
issue great well maybe I'll ask her out
there fine
hey you got any tips it might speed the
process along if you know what I mean
sure ask her to slap a restraining order
on you now
the horse here a minute you know him
yeah this is Kitty's horse see the
resemblance
hello I just wanted to let you know I'm
gonna be working late tonight I'm sorry
my fault when working out when you've
been eating peanut butter crackers in
the morning so we're not gonna get out
of here till 10:00 or 11:00 that's a so
we're gonna gather mean piece do I smell
pants on fire who's Steve remember Steve
from your parents Hunt Club there's a
guy eating my wife's shoes in there
another guy lying to your wife in your
duster tell her about Barbara I'm just
gonna wait until after her birthday you
don't have to justify anything to me
I'll I just for the fun of it all right
I just got a message from my neighbor my
bathroom is flooding and I've got to go
home and wait for a plumber we have to
file this thing by 9:00 a.m. well we
could work at my place yeah I guess
we're gonna have to okay I just have to
get some stuff in my office hey Paul
my pole they steal me something from her
hamper
surprise me but I want to keep them no
gene you can't I could keep a horse in
your apartment what you just said about
our mailman but he's still down there to
the stable and then we'll hit if you
draw threes along the way we can pretend
we're lesbian canadian mint cheese
somebody ever gets that but we haven't
first this time there's got to be case
law more recent in 1961 greg can I ask
you a question and then I will drop the
subject forever
okay do you ever miss me that is one
hell of a clog you even have to trim
roots growing in the pipe sir you need
to see a doctor
okay here's a us versus whoever 1965
answer my question Barbara listen to me
I'm really really happy in my marriage